Aslet Eleccentric Vehicles Final Project
By: Steven Kravitz

Section 1: The Main Menu Interface
At the main menu, there are 5 options for the user to choose from by entering 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5. They are as follows:

	Option 1: Log in
	This menu is for customers who have existing accounts to log in. They enter their first and last name and the user logs them into
	their account where they can access the Customer Main Menu. 

	Option 2: Create Account
	This option is for customers who do not already have accounts. It walks them through the steps that allow them to add a row for them in the databases
	Customer entity, address entity (for their home), and payment entity (for their credit card info). After they create their account, they are logged
	in and sent to the customer main menu.

	Option 3: Employee Access
	This option is for Employees to access. This tab takes them the employee main menu. Unlike in a real database system, there is no security measures to stop
	anyone from accessing this menu. The focus of this project is not on security.
	
	Option 4: Browse Showroom
	This tab allows users to select a service location and browse the vehicles in its showroom. Users can access this feature without needing an account or to 
	access an employee tab.
	
	Option 5: Exit
	This option closes the program.

Section 2: The Customer Main Menu Interface
At the customer main menu, there are 5 options which can be accessed in a similar fashion to the main menu. They are as follows:
	
	Option 1: Browse Showroom
	This option allows the customers to browse the showroom. The functionality is the exact same as from the main menu. The reason this option is here is such 
	that customers do not need to log out to the main menu to see the showrooms.

	Option 2: Select Vehicle
	This option allows users to buy vehicles. They get to choose which specifications they want including the model, whether or not the vehicle is used or new,
	and capacity. The user is presented with the vehicles on hand which meet their specifications. The user see all the information about the vehicle including
	the VIN, color, model, year, capacity, base price, miles, and service center. If the vehicle is used, the customer can see if the vehicle has any upgrades
	or an upgrade package or neither. If the vehicle is new, the user is shown all the available upgrades and upgrade packages and is prompted to choose if they
	want to include any. Afterwards, a transaction is made and the ownership is transferred to the customer.

	Option 3: View Account Information
	This option takes the user to an interface that allows them to see their account information. This is described in Section 3.

	Option 4:
	This option allows the user to get their vehicle serviced. The number of miles is increased by a random amount to simulate how much the odometer would have increased
	since the customers last visit. The customer pays a relatively small amount and the maintence entity gets a new row for this new maintenance appointment.

	Option 5: Exit
	This option logs the user out by returning to the main menu.

Section 3: Customer Account Interface
At the customer account menu, the customer is given options to see information about them stored in the database. They have 4 options.
	
	Option 1: View Customer Info
	This option prints out the customer ID, name, phone, and email.

	Option 2: View Address
	This option prints out the user's address ID, Planet/Celestial body, environment, and street address.

	Option 3: View Payment
	This option prints out the users payment ID, credit card number, expiration date, security code, and company.

	Option 4: Exit
	This option exits this interface and returns to the customer main menu.

Section 4: Employee Menu Interface
At this menu, the employee schedule repairs and issue recalls. The options are listed below.
	
	Option 1: Browse the Showrooms
	The employee can browse the showrooms without needing to return to the main menu.
	
	Option 2:
	The employee can see which customers have over 950,000,000,000 miles on their vehicle and contact them to schedule repairs.

	Option 3:
	The employee can select a specific year and model of vehicle to be recalled. They are then given the contact information of customers who own such vehicles.

	Option 4: Exit
	This option returns to the main menu.

Section 5: Data Generation
Most of the data used in the making of this project was generated in Mockaroo. There were some errors noticed after the data was already implemented so there are
SQL files to fix those errors.

Section 6:
ER diagram. There were a couple of small changes made to the ER diagram. A couple relationships were changed from one-to-one to one-to-many. Additonally, a relationship
was added between Customer and payment. Finally a few variables names were altered in the transaction entity.
